THIS INSTRUMENT AND ANY SECURITIES ISSUABLE PURSUANT HERETO HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF
CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, PLEDGED OR
HYPOTHECATED EXCEPT AS PERMITTED IN THIS SAFE AND UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND APPLICABLE STATE
SECURITIES LAWS PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
FuzeHub, Inc.
Simple Agreement for Future Equity (Safe)
THIS CERTIFIES THAT in exchange for the payment by FuzeHub, Inc. (the “Investor”) of $50,000 (the
“Purchase Amount”) on or about ____Jan 24, 2019, _______________, an C __organized under the
laws of the State of __Delaware________ (the “Company”), issues to the Investor the right to certain shares (collectively, “shares”)
of the Company’s Capital Stock (as defined herein), subject to the terms described below.
The “Post-Money Valuation Cap” is $4,000,000.
The “Discount Rate” is 85%.
See Section 2 for certain additional defined terms.
1. Events
(a) Equity Financing. If there is an Equity Financing before the termination of this Safe, on the initial closing
of such Equity Financing, this Safe will automatically convert into the number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock equal to
the Purchase Amount divided by the Conversion Price.
In connection with the automatic conversion of this Safe into shares of Safe Preferred Stock, the Investor will
execute and deliver to the Company all of the transaction documents related to the Equity Financing; provided, that such
documents are the same documents to be entered into with the purchasers of Standard Preferred Stock, with appropriate
variations for the Safe Preferred Stock if applicable, and provided further, that such documents have customary exceptions
to any drag-along applicable to the Investor, including, without limitation, limited representations and warranties and limited
liability and indemnification obligations on the part of the Investor.
(b) Liquidity Event. If there is a Liquidity Event before the termination of this Safe, the holder of this Safe
will automatically be entitled to receive a portion of Proceeds immediately prior to, or concurrent with, the consummation
of such Liquidity Event, equal to the greater of (i) the Purchase Amount (the “Cash-Out Amount”) or (ii) the amount
payable on the number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Purchase Amount divided by the Liquidity Price (the
“Conversion Amount”). If any of the Company’s securityholders are given a choice as to the form and amount of Proceeds
to be received in a Liquidity Event, the Investor will be given the same choice.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in connection with a Change of Control intended to qualify as a tax-free
reorganization, the Company may reduce the cash portion of Proceeds payable to the Investor by the amount determined by
its board of directors in good faith for such Change of Control to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, provided that such reduction (A) does not reduce the total Proceeds payable to such Investor and (B) is applied
in the same manner and on a pro rata basis to all securityholders who have equal priority to the Investor under Section 1(d).
(c) Dissolution Event. If there is a Dissolution Event before the termination of this Safe, the Investor will
automatically be entitled to receive a portion of Proceeds equal to the Cash-Out Amount, due and payable to the Investor
immediately prior to the consummation of the Dissolution Event.2
(d) Liquidation Priority. In a Liquidity Event or Dissolution Event, this Safe is intended to operate like
standard non-participating Preferred Stock. The Investor’s right to receive its Cash-Out Amount is:
(i) Junior to payment of outstanding indebtedness and creditor claims, including contractual claims
for payment and convertible promissory notes (to the extent such convertible promissory notes are not actually or notionally
converted into Capital Stock);
(ii) On par with payments for other Safes and/or Preferred Stock, and if the applicable Proceeds are
insufficient to permit full payments to the Investor and such other Safes and/or Preferred Stock, the applicable Proceeds
will be distributed pro rata to the Investor and such other Safes and/or Preferred Stock in proportion to the full payments
that would otherwise be due; and
(iii) Senior to payments for Common Stock.
The Investor’s right to receive its Conversion Amount is (A) on par with payments for Common Stock and other
Safes and/or Preferred Stock who are also receiving Conversion Amounts or Proceeds on a similar as-converted to Common
Stock basis, and (B) junior to payments described in clauses (i) and (ii) above (in the latter case, to the extent such payments
are Cash-Out Amounts or similar liquidation preferences).
(e) Termination. This Safe will automatically terminate (without relieving the Company of any obligations
arising from a prior breach of or non-compliance with this Safe) immediately following the earliest to occur of: (i) the
issuance of Capital Stock to the Investor pursuant to the automatic conversion of this Safe under Section 1(a); or (ii) the
payment, or setting aside for payment, of amounts due the Investor pursuant to Section 1(b) or Section 1(c).
2. Definitions
“Capital Stock” means the capital stock or membership units of the Company, including, without limitation,
the “Standard Preferred Stock.” It is understood and agreed that any references in this document to “stock” or “shares”
shall also apply to membership interests or units if the Company is a limited liability company.
“Change of Control” means (i) a transaction or series of related transactions in which any “person” or “group”
(within the meaning of Section 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), becomes the
“beneficial owner” (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), directly or indirectly,
of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of the Company having the right to vote for the election of members
of the Company’s board of directors, (ii) any reorganization, merger or consolidation of the Company, other than a
transaction or series of related transactions in which the holders of the voting securities of the Company outstanding
immediately prior to such transaction or series of related transactions retain, immediately after such transaction or series of
related transactions, at least a majority of the total voting power represented by the outstanding voting securities of the
Company or such other surviving or resulting entity or (iii) a sale, lease or other disposition of all or substantially all of the
assets of the Company.
“Company Capitalization” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Equity Financing and (without double-
counting):
• Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;
• Includes all Converting Securities;
• Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) Promised Options;
• Includes the Unissued Option Pool; and3
• Excludes, notwithstanding the foregoing, any increases to the Unissued Option Pool (except to the extent
necessary to cover Promised Options that exceed the Unissued Option Pool) in connection with the Equity
Financing.
“Conversion Price” means either: (1) the Safe Price or (2) the Discount Price, whichever calculation results in
a greater number of shares of Safe Preferred Stock.
“Converting Securities” includes this Safe and other convertible securities issued by the Company, including
but not limited to: (i) other Safes; (ii) convertible promissory notes and other convertible debt instruments; and (iii)
convertible securities that have the right to convert into shares of Capital Stock.
“Discount Price” means the price per share of the Standard Preferred Stock sold in the Equity Financing
multiplied by the Discount Rate.
“Dissolution Event” means (i) a voluntary termination of operations, (ii) a general assignment for the benefit
of the Company’s creditors or (iii) any other liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company (excluding a Liquidity
Event), whether voluntary or involuntary.
“Dividend Amount” means, with respect to any date on which the Company pays a dividend on any of its
outstanding Capital Stock, the amount of such dividend that is paid per share of Capital Stock multiplied by (x) the Purchase
Amount divided by (y) the Liquidity Price (treating the dividend date as a Liquidity Event solely for purposes of calculating
such Liquidity Price).
“Equity Financing” means a bona fide transaction or series of transactions with the principal purpose of raising
capital and resulting in an investment of at least Five Hundred Thousand ($500,000) Dollars, pursuant to which the Company
issues and sells Standard Preferred Stock at a fixed valuation.
“Initial Public Offering” means the closing of the Company’s first firm commitment underwritten initial public
offering of Common Stock on a nationally recognized exchange in the United States, pursuant to a registration statement
filed under the Securities Act.
“Liquidity Capitalization” is calculated as of immediately prior to the Liquidity Event, and (without double-
counting):
• Includes all shares of Capital Stock issued and outstanding;
• Includes all (i) issued and outstanding Options and (ii) to the extent receiving Proceeds, Promised Options;
• Includes all Converting Securities, other than any Safes and other convertible securities (including without
limitation shares of Preferred Stock) where the holders of such securities are receiving Cash-Out Amounts
or similar liquidation preference payments in lieu of Conversion Amounts or similar “as-converted”
payments; and
• Excludes the Unissued Option Pool.
“Liquidity Event” means a Change of Control or an Initial Public Offering.
“Liquidity Price” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Liquidity
Capitalization.
“Options” includes options, restricted stock awards or purchases, RSUs, SARs, warrants or similar securities,
vested or unvested.4
“Proceeds” means cash and other assets (including without limitation stock consideration) that are proceeds
from the Liquidity Event or the Dissolution Event, as applicable, and legally available for distribution.
“Promised Options” means promised but ungranted Options that are the greater of those (i) promised pursuant
to agreements or understandings made prior to the execution of, or in connection with, the term sheet for the Equity
Financing (or the initial closing of the Equity Financing, if there is no term sheet), or (ii) treated as outstanding Options in
the calculation of the Standard Preferred Stock’s price per share.
“Safe” means an instrument containing a future right to shares of Capital Stock, similar in form and content to
this instrument, purchased by investors for the purpose of funding the Company’s business operations. References to “this
Safe” mean this specific instrument.
“Safe Preferred Stock” means the shares of the series of Standard Preferred Stock issued to the Investor in an
Equity Financing, having the identical rights, privileges, preferences and restrictions as the shares of Standard Preferred
Stock, other than with respect to: (i) the per share liquidation preference and the initial conversion price for purposes of
price-based anti-dilution protection, which will equal the Conversion Price; and (ii) the basis for any dividend rights, which
will be based on the Conversion Price.
“Safe Price” means the price per share equal to the Post-Money Valuation Cap divided by the Company
Capitalization.
“Standard Preferred Stock” means the shares of the series of preferred stock issued to the investors investing
new money in the Company in connection with the initial closing of the Equity Financing and containing preferred terns
standard to similar sized venture capital transactions.
“Unissued Option Pool” means all shares of Capital Stock that are reserved, available for future grant and not
subject to any outstanding Options or Promised Options (but in the case of a Liquidity Event, only to the extent Proceeds
are payable on such Promised Options) under any equity incentive or similar Company plan.
3. Company Representations and Warranties
The Company hereby represents and warrants to the Holder as follows:
(a) The Company is a ___________ duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the state of ____________, and has the power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and carry on its business
as now conducted;
(b) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Safe is within the power of the Company
and has been duly authorized by all necessary actions on the part of the Company (subject to section 3(d)). This Safe
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity. To its knowledge, the Company is not in
violation of (i) its current certificate of incorporation or bylaws, (ii) any material statute, rule or regulation applicable to the
Company or (iii) any material debt or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound, where, in each case,
such violation or default, individually, or together with all such violations or defaults, could reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect on the Company;5
(c) The performance and consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Safe do not and will not:
(i) violate any material judgment, statute, rule or regulation applicable to the Company; (ii) result in the acceleration of any
material debt or contract to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; or (iii) result in the creation or imposition
of any lien on any property, asset or revenue of the Company or the suspension, forfeiture, or nonrenewal of any material
permit, license or authorization applicable to the Company, its business or operations;
(d) No consents or approvals are required in connection with the performance of this Safe, other than: (i) the
Company’s corporate approvals; (ii) any qualifications or filings under applicable securities laws; and (iii) necessary
corporate approvals for the authorization of Capital Stock issuable pursuant to Section 1;
(e) To its knowledge, the Company owns or possesses (or can obtain on commercially reasonable terms)
sufficient legal rights to all patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, trade secrets, licenses, information,
processes and other intellectual property rights necessary for its business as now conducted and as currently proposed to be
conducted, without any conflict with, or infringement of the rights of, others;
(f) All shares of Capital Stock which may be issued upon the conversion of this Safe, shall, upon issuance, be
duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and free of any liens and encumbrances except for restrictions
on transfer provided for herein or under applicable federal and state securities laws.
(g) The Company’s capitalization table, attached as Schedule 1 hereto, is true and complete as of the [Date of
Safe].
4. Company Covenants.
Company understands and agrees that:
(a) The Company shall provide Investor with not less than ten (10) days prior written notice of, including a
description of the material facts surrounding, any of the following events: (i) declaration of any dividend or distribution
upon its Capital Stock, whether in cash, property, stock, or other securities and whether or not a regular cash dividend; (ii)
offering for subscription pro rata to the securityholders of any class or series of its Capital Stock any additional shares of
stock of any class or series or other rights; (iii) effecting any reclassification or recapitalization of Capital Stock; or (iv) the
merger or consolidation with or into any other corporation, or sale, lease, license, or conveyance of all or substantially all
of its assets, or liquidation, dissolution or winding up.
(b) So long as the Investor holds this Safe and/or any of the shares of Capital Stock, the Company shall deliver
to the Investor (i) copies of all notices to the securityholders of the Capital Stock of the Company, delivered at the same
time and in the same manner as is delivered to the securityholders, and (ii) upon Investor’s request, the Company’s most
recently prepared annual and/or quarterly financial statements.
(c) The Company shall not issue any fractional shares of Capital Stock issuable upon conversion of this Safe,
and the number of shares to be issued shall be rounded down to the nearest whole share. If a fractional share interest arises
upon any conversion of this Safe, the Company shall eliminate such fractional share interest by paying Investor the amount
computed by multiplying the fractional interest by the fair market value of such full share.
5. Investor Representations6
(a) The Investor has full legal capacity, power and authority to execute and deliver this Safe and to perform its
obligations hereunder. This Safe constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Investor, enforceable in accordance with
its terms, except as limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other laws of general application relating to or affecting the
enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of equity.
(b) The Investor has been advised that this Safe and the underlying securities have not been registered under
the Securities Act, or any state securities laws and, therefore, cannot be resold unless they are registered under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. The Investor
is purchasing this Safe and the securities to be acquired by the Investor hereunder for its own account for investment, not
as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, the distribution thereof, and the Investor has
no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same. The Investor has such
knowledge and experience in financial and business matters that the Investor is capable of evaluating the merits and risks
of such investment, is able to incur a complete loss of such investment without impairing the Investor’s financial condition
and is able to bear the economic risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time.
6. Miscellaneous
(a) Any provision of this Safe may be amended, waived or modified by written consent of the Company and
the Investor.
(b) All notices and other communications from the Company to the Investor, or vice versa, shall be deemed
delivered and effective when given personally or mailed by first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, at such
address as may have been furnished to the Company or the Investor, as the case may be, in writing by the Company or such
Investor from time to time. All notices to the Investor shall be addressed as follows:
FuzeHub, Inc.
Attn: Elena Garuc, CEO
25 Monroe Street, Suite 201
Albany, NY 12210
with a copy to:
Richard E. Honen, Esq.
Phillips Lytle LLP
30 South Pearl Street
Albany, NY 12207
(c) The Investor is not entitled, as a holder of this Safe, to vote or be deemed a holder of Capital Stock for any
purpose other than tax purposes, nor will anything in this Safe be construed to confer on the Investor, as such, any rights of
a Company stockholder or rights to vote for the election of directors or on any matter submitted to Company stockholders,
or to give or withhold consent to any corporate action or to receive notice of meetings, until shares have been issued on the
terms described in Section 1. However, if the Company pays a dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock (that is
not payable in shares of Common Stock) while this Safe is outstanding, the Company will pay the Dividend Amount to the
Investor at the same time.7
(d) Neither this Safe nor the rights in this Safe are transferable or assignable, by operation of law or otherwise,
by either party without the prior written consent of the other, and may not be transferred or assigned in whole or in part
without compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws by the transferor and the transferee.
(e) This Safe and the shares of Capital Stock (and the securities issuable, directly or indirectly, upon conversion
of the shares, if any) shall be imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form:
THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED. THEY MAY NOT BE SOLD,
OFFERED FOR SALE, PLEDGED OR HYPOTHECATED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT AS TO THE SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT
OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED.
(f) In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Safe is for any reason held to be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable, in whole or in part or in any respect, or in the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Safe operate
or would prospectively operate to invalidate this Safe, then and in any such event, such provision(s) only will be deemed
null and void and will not affect any other provision of this Safe and the remaining provisions of this Safe will remain
operative and in full force and effect and will not be affected, prejudiced, or disturbed thereby.
(g) All rights and obligations hereunder will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard
to principles of conflicts of law.
(h) On receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation
of this Safe and, in the case of mutilation, on surrender and cancellation of this Safe, the Company shall execute and deliver,
in lieu of this Safe, a new Safe of like tenor.
(i) This Safe may be signed in any number of counterparts and via electronic mail, each of which will be an
original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.
[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank][Signature Page to SAFE]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Safe to be duly executed and delivered as of
the date first written above.
[COMPANY]
By:
[name]
[title]
Address:
INVESTOR:
By:
Name:
Title:
Doc #360511.2Schedule 1
[Company] Capitalization Table
